pages/privacy.md, before:

---
title: Privacy Statement
permalink: /privacy/
---

### **Government Agency Privacy Statement**

1. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. In sagittis ut nisl eget suscipit. Morbi lorem ligula, tincidunt et viverra et, gravida sit amet velit. Duis posuere mi lectus, molestie viverra metus consectetur quis. Fusce dignissim arcu enim, id faucibus felis dignissim ut. Suspendisse potenti. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Phasellus blandit sem sit amet neque fringilla cursus. Ut semper imperdiet dolor ac vulputate. Phasellus in accumsan urna. Suspendisse potenti. Curabitur porttitor risus a dolor pellentesque, sed dignissim ligula laoreet. Nullam lacus ligula, malesuada ac vestibulum vitae, condimentum nec sem.

2. Integer semper ultrices lorem ut sodales. Praesent rutrum vestibulum quam, ac rhoncus tortor ullamcorper sit amet. Curabitur sed hendrerit sem, ut dignissim nisi. Aenean eleifend in ligula at posuere. Phasellus turpis justo, mollis eget sagittis vel, viverra quis enim. Praesent luctus, elit ac mattis cursus, dui lorem sollicitudin urna, ac molestie lacus elit eget eros. Sed aliquam purus vitae tellus consequat rutrum. Etiam tristique, mi ut dapibus tristique, elit urna rhoncus leo, ac luctus augue ante eget felis. Fusce nisl enim, tempus a faucibus aliquam, lobortis at est. Donec nec mollis nibh. Donec vitae ipsum risus. Pellentesque eu est sed diam pulvinar dictum in sit amet purus. Fusce convallis risus tortor.

3. Pellentesque malesuada leo libero, et commodo lorem consequat quis. Etiam lobortis porttitor lobortis. Quisque pulvinar lorem eu dolor dictum dignissim. Sed faucibus, risus ut euismod viverra, massa nisi suscipit tellus, eu bibendum mi lorem nec mauris. Pellentesque tincidunt sem id gravida consectetur. Pellentesque id lacus ac ipsum ultricies hendrerit nec a tellus. Aliquam nec dapibus sapien. Sed laoreet sem at semper maximus.

Commit message:

{"message":"Update file: privacy.md","fileName":"privacy.md","userId":"2672"}

pages/privacy.md, after:

---
title: Privacy Statement
permalink: /privacy/
---
1.  This website is owned by CRIS. 
    
2.  We may use “cookies”, where a small data file is sent to your browser to store and track information about you when you enter our websites. The cookie is used to track information such as the number of users and their frequency of use, profile of users and their preferred sites. While this cookie can tell us when you enter our sites and which pages you visit, it cannot read data off your hard disk.
    
3.  You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
    
4.  If you are only browsing this website, we do not capture data that allow us to identify you individually. 
    
5.  If you choose to share your Personal Data via an application or an email or any other form, we recommend that you read our CRIS Data Protection Notice explaining how we use your Personal Data when you interact with us via our website or in any other way. 
    
6.  If you have any queries on this Privacy Statement or any other queries in relation to how we manage, protect and/or process your Personal Data, please do not hesitate to contact the CRIS Data Protection Office at [dpo@cris.sg](mailto:dpo@cris.sg)
    
7.  For more information on how we collect, use and/or disclose your personal data, please read our CRIS [Data Protection Notice](https://www.cris.sg/files/Critical%20Documents/Data-Protection-Notice.pdf).
